This is a to do list of things I am thinking of and need to find a solution for

1. First, I need to figure out what the results I have are. Did I manage to find a way to see progress of students or did I find out that the progress of students could very well be just mixed with them learning the answers on their own

2. Second, How to read from the bootstrap, this is something I can get help from Þórarinn for. Since if I have that, then I can use that to talk about the rest of the results

3. Third, what would be the next steps after this project. As in how would you test the next points?


For 1.

So right now the question of which it is, is difficult. Now the model with both of them is marktæktara then the others and fsfat is still relevant. When checked by Anova at least.

The counter point of that fsfat isn't relevant, is that the brier improvement isn't really to great with the jump from fsfat to hluta2 and then from either of those to fsfat+hluta2. Could it mean that fsfat isn't an important factor and that knowing how much of the wrong answers the students know is the main determinaned.

Then comes the question of is that even the right determinant, might be due to the natural following between the fact that the more answers you answer, the greater amount of wrong answers you memorize. Though the correlation between the two isn't at a point where it creates an incredible problem yet though.

I think the following of greater amount of wrong answers the further you go is what Gunnar was mostly thinking about on wether it would still be a viable thing. Though what I had stuck in my head is that if it Does have a strong correlation, as in the further you go the more of the wrong answer you know. How can we say that the direct increase in fsfat is actually progress and not utanbókarlærdómur.

Though when I thin about it, since I could put them together, in a model with all of the other factors along with it, then I can find the amount of progress for everyone as they go by.

An idea would be to try another model, in which both fsfat and hluta2 are student by student effect. If it is more relevant, then there is a question if that can be used to hold onto both the amount of memorization said student is using and then also the self improvement for that student as well.
That is a good question
Tried said model, new problem came up. It seems that this model would take far to long to every become usable, therefore not a thing I can even try

Question if the second model is any use at the end of the day, depends on how you see it. But U think for my current results it isn't usable at all, or at least it doesn't give any better insight then the other 2 give




What's next after 13th of july:
1. Add some optimism talk to the optimism chapter, as in talk a bit about the optimism corrected statistics and the optimism for the different models

2. Go over the umræða chapter I wrote today and work out things I mentioned there that I had yet to do talk about in previous chapters, feel like some of the stuff there hadn't been mentioned yet, like the anova results and etc.

3. Read over everything again and try to word things better

4. If and only if all of the 3 steps above are completed tomorrow, then send the current thing over to Þórarinn so he can read over it and give me shit ton of comments to fix.


Important Point from Gunnar:
He mentioned that we got to remember to stick to the main point! Something I think I've been forgetting here and there
Good thing is to go into the mean pictures I drew, go deep into that. Then from there talk about how I use the models to see if there is reasoning in which we can read progress
The main point is not within the models, but more deeply in the growth, models are there more for confirmation, that is why it would be good to reword things with a heavier emphasis on the pictures I drew!


What was done on the 14th of july:
I managed to finish the optimism talk chapter, or at least the base of it. In the meeting I remembered the need for an emphasis to keep it all together, question on how much code I need to work with as well, will ask Anna helga

What's next after the 15th of july:
1. Go over the picture chapter and give a more detailed connection to that, explain better. Remember emphasis of the research

2. Go over the umræða chapter I wrote today and work out things I mentioned there that I had yet to do talk about in previous chapters, feel like some of the stuff there hadn't been mentioned yet, like the anova results and etc.

3. Read over everything again and try to word things better

4. If and only if all of the 3 steps above are completed tomorrow, then send the current thing over to Þórarinn so he can read over it and give me shit ton of comments to fix.

What was done on the 15th of july:
1. I managed to go over some things and put a bigger emphasis on the images and what they are doing
2. Went over the umræðu chapters and reworded them, didn't see a need to add things earlier in the report
3. Read over the things and worded it slightly better
4. Sent the first report over to Þórarinn so that he can go over it and give me good pointers
All in all I managed to accomplish everything I wanted and even the stuff I was planning to do tomorrow, which is a great thing

What's next for the 16th of july:
0. Meditate a bit to get some focus going, maybe do a chess game

1. I should look up if there are ways in markdown to have the numbers represent the picture, so if the picture number changes, so will the one in the text

2. Figure out how to have a chapters page that updates automatically and can point directly to the chapter it's referencing in the pdf

3. name all of the tables, try to figure out how to automatically number them and also how to automatically point to them.



What was done on the 20th of july:
1. Managed to get a response with recommendation on how to make pictures better and more readable along with adding the models themselves

2. Fixed the table problem, where the problem was needing the r thing to be 1 word

3. Added Anova, along with a calibration plot and histogram for predictions.

What needs to be done after the 20th of july:
0,5. Consider fixing up the new subchapter, if I can think of wording then that would be gold

1. Read Anna's phd to get a greater understanding of tutor-web and use that understanding in the introduction

2. Add an "ágrip" chapter with a summary of everything

3. Read over everything and fix spelling, wording and more to make sure the report is coherent

Hopefully finish this all by friday, we will see
Reorder
1. Read Annas phd to get a greater understanding of tutor-web and use that understanding in the introduction

2. Read over everything and fix spelling, wording and more to make sure the report is coherent

3. Add an "ágrip" chapter with a summary of everything

4. Read over the ágrip chapter to make sure it makes sense


What was done on the 21st of july:
I'll be honest here, progress not that great, but that's tuesday for ya
1. Read through somoe of Annas phd and then wrote down a very basic introduction part for tutor web

2. Set up the abstract area, missing the indent that it should have and its location, but it is good for now

3. Started reading over things and correcting, got up to how the dataset was made.

What needs to be done after the 21st of july:
1. read over everything, fix spelling, wording and more to make sure the report is readable

2. Write the ágrip chapter with a summary of everything, look at the others for inspiration

3. Read over the ágrip and introduction chapters thoroughly to make sure it is all good.

What was done on the 22nd of july:
1. Managed to read over everything and fix some spelling and wording.

2. Managed to write the útdráttur chapter with a summary of everything.

What needs to be done after the 22nd of july:
1. Setup so the útdráttur comes before the chapter numbers

2. Read over the útdráttur and introduction chapter to make sure they are worded correctly.




Tvíkosta aðhvarfsgreining með slembiþætti

Mixed effect = slembiþáttur
Standardized = staðlað
Brier með stóru B
Optimism correction = leiðrétting fyrir bjartsýni

bootstrap - viðkvæmi við gagnavali

calibration = kvörðun
-spáð útkoma vs raunveruleg útkóma

tengja myndr 8 og 9
blanda seinustu tvemur köflunum yfir í:
Lokaniðurstöður og horfur

láta mynd 7 vera bara AUC og stBrier

What was done on the 28th of july:
1. fixed the text of all the pictures

2. fixed some of the pictures and made them better

3. Combined the anova tables and made text

4. attended the meeting

What needs to be done after the 28th of july:

1. Add to the optimism chapter why we are looking at AUC and standardized brier, as well as explain why we used the bootstrap KINDOF CHECK

2. Fix the Inngangur to make it more readable CHECK

3. link the mentioning of the models to the equations (this might be good to do first) CHECK

4. translate all of the english into icelandic

5. Remove the ég and word so it works

5. read over and correct stuff.


\begin{itemize}
 \item[] Þar sem einhverjar línur detta út þegar bætt er við *hluta* og það eru 3 línur sem koma þegar AOTA+ spurningu er að ræða, þá er búið til fsfat áður sameinað við .txt skránnar með réttu og röngu svörinn.
\end{itemize}